so the first thing to do when dyeing
your extensions is to brush your
extensions out to make sure that there's
no knots in them and then you can take
the box of dye whichever dye you're
using and start reading the instructions
I was using the Loreal ombre kit which
is really easy to use and then once
you've read over the instructions and
you kind of know what you're doing you
can put your gloves on and then start
adding in the different ingredients so
to speak it's always really clear on the
instructions whichever the hair dye kit
you use I've used a ton of different
ones before and it's all the same you
just kind of have to add the ingredients
into the bottle with the squirty lid and
shake it up when you've added them all
in and then once you have done that you
are ready to actually start dyeing your
extensions so you're going to want to
make sure that you do it on a towel
especially if you're working with bleach
or any color really so just take an old
towel so that you can lie your
extensions on that and you don't sustain
anything so because this was an ombre
kit I was only dyeing the ends of my
hair well of my extensions and then I'm
kind of fading the dye up into the
center third so it gives a nice gradient
effect and just kind of going through it
with my hands just to make sure that
it's all smooth out and all of the
different hair is coated that's the most
important thing you want to make sure
you do is to make sure that all of the
hair is coated in the dye not just one
side so make sure that you flip your
extensions from side to side so that you
coat both the front and the back of the
extensions and then you can squeeze more
of the product out onto the brush that
the kit comes with or you can buy
different brushes at various and beauty
stores so that you can use different
brushes if you don't get this exact kit
and just carry on brushing through your
extensions it's fairly self-explanatory
you just need to focus most of the hair
dye on the bottom and then greed make
sure that you gradiate it I don't even
know if that's a word but make sure that
it's more gradual towards the top and
then leave the top bit without any dye
on it
and then once you have coated all of
your extension if you have any hair dye
left over you can go ahead and work that
into the ends of the extensions just to
make sure that they're really nice and
coated and kind of work it through your
hands like I'm doing here and then I
didn't actually use any foil but you can
go ahead and coat these in foil but this
is what they should look like and then I
left this hair dye on for about 40
minutes it usually says on the packet
how long it's recommended to leave the
dye on so once I had left it on for that
amount of time and I'd gone through and
checked that had actually changed the
color a bit I went through and rinsed
off the hair dye and a lot of the time
in fact I think all of the time hair
dyes do actually come with a
conditioning treatment or a shampoo
conditioning treatment so that is what I
went in and used and I just coated the
mainly the bottom and the middle of the
extensions with this kind of
conditioning shampoo and make sure
that's thoroughly rinsed and that the
water runs clear and then you can just
go ahead and leave your extensions to
giraffe I always let my extensions air
dry because it's a lot healthier because
you have just dyed them and and some bad
stuff to them which is not healthy so
let them air dry and then they should
look something like this and this is me
with them in after they have been dyed
so you can kind of tell what they look
like it doesn't fully match my hair but
it's pretty close to it so I hope you
guys did enjoy this video don't forget
to like it and subscribe you can find me
on Twitter and Instagram in the
description bar and I will see you guys
in my next video thanks for watching bye